Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Go! Go!
Piney!
It's not even a real word.
Bastards!
You're feeling better then?
I'm perfectly fine.
Except that bloody doctor
won't let me leave.
I think he's trying
to bore me to death.
Hey. Brett and Gemma
had a baby boy.
I've just seen them.
That's nice.
I thought you'd be thrilled.
Well what do you want
me to do? Dance a jig.
You know people have
babies all the time.
That means you'll be carrying
an extra load for a while.
Maybe you need me to
come and help you out.
Got to go! DNA on the Hyundai!
It's a match for Rachel
Griggs. You. stay put.
Local woman. went
missing over a week ago.
We've got evidence to
suggest your employee.
Lachie Francis. killed her.
Maybe she was one
of his dealers.
Maybe they had a
fallout over money.
Why are you asking
me about this?
Ask Lachie.
I can't until he's out of ICU.
They've all gone missing up
here in the past 12 months.
within the same 40k radius.
I think Lachie's responsible.
He killed them to
protect your crops.
This. has nothing to do with me.
Oh. he was pretty willing
to kill on your order.
Is that how you wanted me to
end up. like Jean Grierson?
Thing is. I don't need to link
you to these disappearances.
I've got you stone cold
on conspiracy to murder
a police officer.
That's a life sentence. Dominic.
Maybe you'll get to share
a cell with your son.
Mind you. he'll be out in 10.
Andrea. what if I
offer you a deal?
- What sort?
- Reduced charges.
In exchange for information
about one of these people.
I didn't think you knew them.
What's your information?
Do we have a deal?
I don't know until I
hear what you've got.
I don't have time
for this bullshit.
Taskforce will be here any
minute to take you to Melbourne.
That guy Miers.
he was a dirty lawyer.
and he went on to
become a dodgy judge.
How do you know he was dodgy?
He had his entitled fingers in
a lot of pies. including mine.
There were any number of
people who wanted him. dead.
This Miers. was there
any evidence of bribes.
proceeds of criminal
activity. unexplained income?
The guy never even
copped a traffic fine.
He could have funnel led the
money through somewhere else.
If Schaeffer's telling the
truth. and that's a big 'if'.
Run a check for any
company directorships.
Miers may have held.
What have you got there?
Full forensics report
of the Hyundai.
They've managed to lift a
print off the steering wheel.
You heard about that car we
pulled out of Mitchell's Spur?
We found Rachel Griggs'
blood on the front end.
We also found your
prints inside it.
You want to explain that to me?
- That's Lachie's car. yeah?
- Lachie Francis.
Yeah well he's.
he's a mate of mine.
I ride around with
him sometimes. so...
What's going on?
I'm just talking to Liam
about Rachel Griggs.
- What about her?
- She's gone missing.
I was just wondering if Liam
had anything to do with it.
Where do you think you're going?
I haven't finished
talking to you.
Yes you have.
Either you arrest
him or you fuck off.
You're trespassing. Sarge.
I'd hate to have to
sic Trudy on to ya.
Helen. I haven't seen
you since Tuesday.
Where have you been?
Oh. I had things to do at home.
and I've had a few issues
with Kirra to deal with.
I thought you'd be hard at work
painting for your exhibition.
Actually. I've decided to
work from home from now on.
You need to rent
out the cottage.
I feel like I've
overstayed my welcome.
Nonsense.
I just need to spend some
more time with my daughter.
She's at a really
difficult stage
and I really need
to be there for her.
Are you avoiding me?
I can't do this anymore. I'm
in a committed relationship.
This was a mistake.
I just. I can't get involved.
For God's sake. don't get
so stitched up about it.
I really appreciate everything
you're doing for me.
These things inevitably happen.
It's just part of
the creative process.
No. you're right. You
know. I am too stitched up.
I just can't work like this.
I love Andie.
What if Andie's your problem?
What?
Well. she doesn't
understand how artists work.
I'm not saying she's
deliberately holding you back...
No! That's not true.
She stifled you.
Maybe she's what you
need to break free of.
Helen?
So I checked out Miers.
He's listed as a board member
on a whole bunch of companies.
They all seem legit
with an online presence
except for this one.
Artemis Fidelity Holdings.
There's no info on it.
Not even a website.
So I'm thinking if he has been
funnelling away dirty money.
maybe this is where it's hidden.
Good work Rez. We need to
access his personal files.
I already spoke to his wife.
She's agreed to meet
us at the house.
Alright. let's go.
Rez. Rez. Rez! Go. go. go!
Mrs. Miers! Stop!
Stop what you're
doing. right now!
- Get off me!
- Calm down!
Are these your husband's
company records?
It is an offence to
destroy evidence.
He's taken everything
else from me.
I'll be damned if I
lose this house too.
Come on Mrs. Miers. it's okay.
Hey. what's up?
Where are you?
We've had a break in the case.
Oh. that's great.
I'm driving down to city
Homicide to follow up a lead.
Oh really?
What's wrong?
I was. I was going
to cook. that's all.
I thought you'd be at The Farm.
And I thought given
we're child free.
we could. we could
have a night in.
I was going to make that
Burmese chicken thing you love.
With cardamon and coconut?
- Hm-mm.
- Okay.
Well. I'll definitely
be home by dinner time.
Great.
- Well drive safe. Love you.
- Love you too.
Bye.
Thanks for seeing me.
Nico. Have a look at this.
I can now connect
three of my victims.
Miers. missing; Novak.
missing; Grierson. murdered.
missing; Grierson. murdered
all members of this company.
Artemis Fidelity Holdings.
- Who's that?
- Claire Harris.
She's also missing. but
she's not a company director.
but she was having an affair
with this guy. David Miers.
It looks like someone
is deliberately
trying to target them.
So what's this got to do
with my Haber investigation?
See this Max Phillips.
he was an obstetrician at
Fairhaven Hospital in Melbourne.
- Fairhaven?
- Hm-mm.
- Where Haber worked?
- Yep.
He died in 1999.
and Patrick Haber replaced
him as Head of Obstetrics.
- So you think Haber killed him?
- Oh. no.
Philips died of cancer.
but I think Haber
might've killed Grierson
and my other missing persons.
- Wow.
- Yeah.
What's his motive?
I don't know yet.
But it's got to have something
to do with this company.
That's the link
between them all.
But you didn't come across this
Artemis in your investigation?
Nah. it doesn't ring a bell.
But we think we know what
sat behind the parricide.
Yeah?
Yeah. he's what we call
a family annihilator.
He had significant
gambling debts.
was mortgaged to the max.
about to lose the family home.
He couldn't face them.
That's why he did it.
We also got a statement from
the receptionist at his rooms.
who suspected one of his
patients was blackmailing him.
Who? About what?
Andie. great to see you.
- Hey Jo.
- Come in. Sit down.
Thank you.
I heard about your run-in
with Schaeffer. Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine. thanks.
How's the homicide and missing
persons investigation going?
That's why I'm here.
I need Financial Crime to
look into this company for me.
There's nothing
online about them.
but three of the
victims were part of it.
and the fourth company director
links them to Dr. Patrick Haber.
That can't be a coincidence.
Okay. consider it done.
Thank you.
I'm sorry to hear about
Sam Dyson's health issues.
Do you know Sam?
He's an old friend
from our Academy days.
In fact. you've got Sam to thank
for your transfer up the bush.
Really? How come?
We discussed it after
Dominic Schaeffer
made those threats against you?
Sam suggested you'd be a
fine replacement for him
and it'd keep you
out of harm's way.
Seemed like a win-win.
The old bugger.
he never told me.
Kramer.
Yes. she's right here.
What's going on?
- They fucked off in my Falcon.
- What?
They were picked up
in the Docklands.
doing 85 in a 50 zone.
Jesus! They were supposed
to be in school camp.
They cut it.
They were at his mum's
place. They had no idea.
No more Ms. Cool Parent.
You're grounded and
I'm taking your phone.
What?
You messed up. Kirra.
Big time!
Just because I dodged
that stupid school camp.
Because you got caught speeding
in an unregistered vehicle.
- I wasn't driving.
- I don't care!
Anything could have happened.
Like you give a shit.
You're always at work.
and Helen spends all her
time at that stupid farm.
You better pull your
head in. Kirra or...
Or what?
Try me.
A ha!
Here you are.
I've just been visiting
Brett and Gemma.
and they're gorgeous baby boy.
- What do they call him?
- Haven't decided yet.
It's baby Sweet for now.
- Kid will get a complex.
- Brett will make a great dad.
Hmm. yeah.
The flowers are lovely.
I failed you.
What are you talking about?
Luke.
I made you a promise.
Now look at me.
Practically bedridden.
It's okay.
It's not okay.
You haven't failed me. Sam.
You've done everything
humanly possible.
and now. you have to
look after yourself.
So how's this latest stunt
going to impact
community service order?
It won't. She wasn't
charged with anything.
being the passenger.
Still. she's grounded and
I've confiscated her phone.
I owe you an apology. Kee.
I've been spending way
too much time at The Farm.
I've been putting my
needs ahead of yours.
but that is going to change.
From now on I am going
to paint from home.
and I will be a better mum.
Promise.
You hungry?
- Mm-mm.
- Okay.
Thank you for cleaning up.
Thanks for dinner.
and how you handled that.
and how you handled that
the whole Kirra thing.
It was great.
I feel like I've. um. I've
been neglecting you two.
these past few weeks.
- I'm sorry...
- No. you're not the only one.
I can't talk.
I'll make it up to you
somehow.
- Just hold that thought.
- What are you doing?
I'm going to give
this to the dingo.
Don't encourage it.
I'll just start hanging
around all the time.
No. it's okay.
It's protecting us.
Hey.
Hey!
Come on!
Come to bed.
I got a tonne of work.
Ah. it'll be there
tomorrow. come on.
Okay.
How's your self portrait going?
Still working on it.
Sorry about waking you up.
Finally got the mongrel.
That's the Mason's dog.
They're not going to be happy.
- What's happened?
- Fuck you!
I thought you were
on afternoon shift.
I'm going to be there all day.
Might even just crash at the
station. if I get on a roll.
- It's just a painting.
- Is it?
Is that what it is?
Just a painting.
I wanted to tell you.
I was going to the other night.
but you were just
so upset about Sam.
It was just once.
I swear to you I didn't
mean for it to happen.
I can hardly remember it.
I mean. I was. I
was smoking a joint.
I was off my face.
That's not an excuse.
I told you what you were risking
and you said you
didn't give a shit.
No I didn't say that.
You said the risk was worth it.
and I said. "What about us?"
And do you remember
what you said?
You said that you were an adult
and you get to make your
own shitty adult decisions.
Well guess what. Hel. you
sure as fuck made one.
Why didn't you
just stay up there?
Because I want to be here.
You were saying you were sorry
for putting your
needs before ours
and being a better mum to Kirra.
That's not why you're
staying away from The Farm.
You're embarrassed.
You're guilty.
Yes. but I do. I
do want to be home.
Oh. oh. well that's too bad
because there is no home.
Whatever home we had. you
just fucking destroyed it.
No!
I'm sorry.
What do you want me to do?
Just tell me and I will do it.
I want you to go.
If mum's going.
I'm going with her.
Yep. that's fine.
Morning.
Um. why aren't you
at the hospital?
Oh. Gem and the bubs
came home last night.
You're on paternity leave.
Gem's already sick
of me hanging around
and her mum's
staying here with us.
Both practically kicked me
out of the house this morning.
Listen. alright. with this
case hanging over our heads.
you need me.
I don't need anyone.
Right.
So. ah. you don't
want me to show you
what the Financial Crime
Squad came up with?
What is it?
Forensic accountants
sent this through.
They found in the
company's financials
a list of payments.
over a hundred grand.
Some of them are
clumped together.
Three or four in a year.
and then no payments
for several years.
When I found one. that I think
you'd be very interested in.
March 3rd. 1998. 200 grand.
Have a look who it was made by.
Hey! Hey. you can't take that.
What the fuck. Rez! What
are you looking for?
- I can't talk about it.
- Is it about Mum?
I'm sorry. Mads.
Well. how am I expected
to bloody remember.
it was nearly 30 years ago!
It was 200 thousand
dollars. Mr. Harris.
I suggest you rack your brain.
You. you can't take that.
I run the ranch off that.
It's listed in the warrant.
Everything will be inventoried
and returned as
soon as possible.
Can you tell me
about this. please?
It was a one-off
investment. Um. never paid.
I was advised by my broker. I
sacked that idiot years ago.
What did the company do?
I've got dozens of investments.
Some good. some lousy.
I cannot be expected to remember
every single bloody one of them.
Take a look at the directors.
Recognise their names?
What about Judge Miers?
Who's been having an
affair with your wife!
Well. you know that I only
recently discovered that.
What about Max Phillips?
Never heard of him.
Sarge!
Found a safe.
It's locked.
We can always send
it to Melbourne.
Get it forced open.
Claire's. I guess.
Alright. I'll leave
the cash and jewellery.
but I'm confiscating the gun.
We're also taking this box.
Thanks for your cooperation.
We'll be in touch.
Done. I'll organise a courier.
Thanks.
Man. if I knew that I'd be
sorting through
musty papers all day.
I reckon I would've stayed home.
Offer's still there.
Check it out.
Gemma reckons it's wind.
That's a girl.
How can you tell?
Ah. it's obviously Maddie.
Shit!
This was done at Fairhaven.
Hey Rez. have you processed
Maddie Harris's gun licence yet?
Yeah. but the application's
still in the system.
Hey. grab me a photocopy of her
birth certificate. will you?
What are you thinking. Sarge?
Hmm...
Jean Grierson. she worked
as a midwife. didn't she?
Ah yeah. years ago.
Back in the eighties and
nineties. I think. Why?
Huh...
Harris lied.
I really appreciate this.
There wasn't anywhere
else I could go. Yeah...
Well. you must be Kirra.
And you must be the
bitch that fucked my mum.
Oh. this is Kirra.
Yes. we've just been
getting acquainted.
She's got your
spirit. I can tell.
It'll just be for
a couple of days.
I'm going to look for
a place in Mansfield
close to Kirra's school.
Nonsense. you've got the cottage
for as long as you
need. rent free.
Oh no. that's way too
generous. I can't accept that.
It's not so
generous. Not really.
You can work here on your
exhibition unconstrained.
and when you're a
massive success.
I can bask in your
reflected glory.
Be nice.
Mr. Harris?
Mr. Harris!
What is it now?
We need to talk.
What can you tell me about this?
Ah. could make head nor
tail of those things.
We found it in that
box from your safe.
When I asked you.
you told me you'd never
heard of Max Phillips.
I haven't.
Maddie was born at
Fairhaven Hospital.
July 26th. 1998.
The obstetrician
who delivered her
was Max Phillips.
Look. he was. it's just
a face and a mask to me.
Obviously Claire had a
closer relationship with him.
The year of Maddie's birth
matches that payment you made.
So?
200 grand!
That's not a standard
obstetrics fee. is it?
Michael Novak was a
senior public servant
who worked for
Adoptions Victoria.
Max Phillips and Dr. Patrick
Haber. both obstetricians.
Jean Grierson. was a nurse.
and at one time she
specialised in midwifery.
You see the pattern?
Okay. I'll go down to the
house and talk to Maddie.
No!
We tried to have
a baby for years.
Carry on the legacy.
We couldn't. it was my fault.
I was...
We waited too long
and too old to adopt.
They didn't want a bar of us
- all our money and wealth.
It meant jackshit!
And Claire. she somehow
knew these people.
I don't know how. I didn't
ask too many questions.
but she told me
that these people.
they had a way to
bypass the agencies.
but for the right price.
So I paid. I paid willingly.
and Claire. she.
she spent six months
away from the ranch so that
she could bring the kid back.
claim it was hers.
Ours!
Did you kill those
people. Mr. Harris?
Jesus Christ! Why
would I do that?
You were desperate
to keep it a secret.
Cover it all up. No!
No. that's bullshit.
You killed everyone
involved in Artemis
who knew about Maddie.
including your own wife.
No! No! That is crazy!
I love Claire.
I loved her.
But she fucking betrayed me!
Don't tell Maddie.
please. I'm begging you.
Don't. don't tell her.
- Here you go. boss.
- Thanks.
So you reckon this Artemis is
an illegal adoption scheme?
Going all the way
back to the seventies.
That's when it was incorporated.
So. 50 years...
And this guy. Novak. he
must had access to parents
who'd been rejected
for adoption. right?
And who were desperate
and rich enough to pay the
big bucks. like Bryan Harris.
And Haber?
He obviously took over
when Phillips died.
I can see how Grierson fits in.
And Miers.
- Crooked lawyer.
- Hmm.
I'd say he set it up
- falsified legals.
Claire must have met him
when Maddie was born.
You reckon that's when
the affair started?
So. who killed them and why?
Haber's the most likely.
Or somebody with a grudge.
I'm not dead yet.
Do you know something I don't?
I had this dream they
chopped off my legs.
So my dodgy ticker didn't
have to work so hard.
Oops. Phew!
So. what's going on?
I kicked Helen out of the
house this morning and um.
Kirra went with her.
Why'd you go and do a
stupid thing like that for?
Classic abandonment issues.
You were scared she
was going to leave.
so you decided to get in first.
Hmm.
Is that a habit of yours?
I said classic. didn't I.
My dad died when I was five.
My mum. she pretty much
left me at the same time.
Grief and alcohol swallowed
her and now she's got dementia.
and she's leaving
me all over again.
I'm sorry.
Alright Sam. it's
time for your ECG.
- It's fine. you can stay.
- Ah. that's okay.
By the way. I ran
into Jo Kramer.
Apparently I've got
you two to thank
for dragging me up here.
Aah. seemed like a
good idea at the time.
Night. night.
Alright. Sam. let's
get your finger.
How we feeling mate?
- Eh. a bit tired.
- You alright?
Okay. let's get this
done. It won't take long.
- It's too bloody hot.
- It's not too hot. Liz.
- It's burning my tongue.
- I cooled it right down.
Come on.
- Andie!
- Hey.
You've caught us right
in the middle of dinner.
Okay.
Your mum's in a bit of
a tricky mood tonight.
Hey Mum!
Oh. what's on the menu?
Stir-fried chicken.
Ooh. lemon meringue
pie. Looks pretty good.
It's not fit for a pig.
You love your veggies.
especially this one.
What's this? Oh.
broccolini. Oh. garlicy.
It's too hot!
Here we go.
Open up.
Hey. if you don't
eat it. I will.
It would go better
with a Shiraz.
Amen to that. What have
you got? Apple juice.
Tastes like cat piss!
You're not a nurse.
Nope. I'm a cop.
What have I done?
No. I'm your daughter.
You're not mine.
I tried for you.
Tried to see through
All the smoke and dirt.
It wouldn't move.
What could I do?
I touch your head to pull
Your thoughts into my hand.
But now I can't.
Say isn't it strange?
Isn't it strange?
I am still me You are still you.
In the same place.
Isn't it strange.
How people can change.
From strangers to friends.
Friends into lovers
And strangers again?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm